Audit logging (#384)
City-of-Helsinki/palvelutarjotin: README.md

To view the API documentation, in DEBUG mode visit http://localhost:8081/graphql and checkout the
`Documentation Explorer` section

## Audit logging

Audit logging is implemented with `django-auditlog`, but it has some extended features applied with [auditlog_extra](https://github.com/City-of-Helsinki/django-auditlog-extra) -app.

> The configuration to define which models are in the scope of the audit logging can be found in [auditlog_settings.py](./palvelutarjotin/auditlog_settings.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration that defines which models are in the scope of the audit logging can be found in [auditlog_settings.py](./palvelutarjotin/auditlog_settings.py).
```
